+ I haven't gotten around to playing the campaign but the multiplayer is solid and pretty fun. Includes Zero Dark Thirty pack, an Online Pass, and the all powerful Battlefield 4 Beta access.
+ The game was in great condition! I enjoy Newman Haas because of the tracks that are available to race on the game. I get to race on Road America, Laguna Seca, Mid Ohio, Rio and many more tracks.", 
+  I want to start off by saying I have never played the Call of Duty games. This is only the second first person shooter game that I have own. I think it is a lot of fun. Has good graphics and nice story line. It does take some skill to get through the levels. I think all players can enjoy this game. There are three levels to choose from based on your skill level. If your looking for first person shooter game that has current military type play than this is a good buy. 
+ this is the first need for speed I bought years and years ago.  I lost it so I bought this for a trip down memory lane.  Pretty tame by todays games.  It brought back memories of fun times. 
+ i love this game i have had the best fun with this game if it does not work try it on a laptopif u like racing game you might like this.It is kinda old so be expecting that but other wise other than graphics it is grait 
+ Gift for my granddaughter.  Likes the game a lot, but prefers to just listen to the music & sounds.  We use it at my house on a separate computer (just for Lana).  Money well spent--provides hours of amusement & education. 
+ Works great now me n my daughter can sing together it arrived way b4 date was suppose too very happy with purchase 
+ My grandson loves Thomas the train so this computer activity was just  right for him.  He dearly loves the activities that are on the program and takes joy in printing off his certificate when activities are completed. 
+ My son hates math!  But, he loves Star Wars and Jabba Math.  Would recommend it for other kids who find math boring and feel insecure in their skills.  It allows for several ways to solve the problems and appeals to the visual learner. 
+ I really loved these games, and they were so much better for PC than for the old PS+  I wish EA would resurrect Porsche for the new platforms. 
+ The game arrived quickly and plays vey well on my machine. Bought this for my 5 year old, who is already a gamer! Thx much! 
+ So glad I ordered this game, it was like nostalgia overload of awesome, it helps that it was in PERFECT condition with the case and booklet and got here super fast. One of the best RPGs I have ever played. And just a heads up, you totally can not beat the two unicorn bad guys in the beginning no matter what the internet tells you so don't wast 20 hours trying to.", 
+ I love this game. Changing into dragons is awesome and some of the characters are to die for (Like Rei and Ryu). The story really pulls you into the character and even the graphics aren't that bad. they're better than most PS one games ^_^ I suggest getting your hands on it if you like classic playstation games.", 
+ It was truly an amazing experience and the game came in great condition. I also felt that I got my money's worth", 
+ Great game...Rei is my favorite character and I am playing through this game for my second time...love it!  Anybody who loved PS1 should give this game a try...", 
+ I've been looking for this for so long from a reputable seller. It arrived completely perfect and complete. Disc has been resurfaced. No scratches or anything. The case has no cracks in it. I'm a game collector, and this might be the best purchase i have ever made online.", 
+ i rate this so high because i loved the dragon form in battle the little welp was cute at first this was the first rpg i beat before my dad they had  very good people on here like ryu and that other blue haired guy i cant  think right now i got a head ache anyways this was just as good as the  other breath of fires i think this one has changed alot nina seem to be  around for along time or is it just me? she was in breath of fire one 2 and  3 i think im gonna have to play them again and find out anyways this game  had a great fighting style almsot like the other breath of fires the music  was the same and got dull after a while thats what needed some work you  should get this if you like the first breath of fire the colors on this  game were not very bright i like brighter colors when i look at a game", 
+ Love the game thanks!This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks", 
+ Works perfectly, exactly as advertised, and I can tell the difference on my 40\" television. 
+ This cable is working as expected and for the price was an excellent purchase, I couldn't be happier with it. 
+ Just like all things, they work better with the right tools. This cable works perfectly and games look much better now.
+ great case  holds all the stuff i need  games,etc  holds alot for its size 
+ What can I say Mario anything is great. I have yet to see something they make that stinks.  awesome game. 
+ My son loves it!  He plays it every day.  Dont know what else to say about it.  He loves the game. 
+ Great game. I never had so much fun in my life. Everybody in my family loves it.
+ Wanted this game for a long time, controls are tricky to get used to be soooo much fun once you get it down 
+ good amount of space for game saves and  the gamecube ports are built in as part of the Wii system 
+ One of the largest memory cards for the gamecube. It works great and loads fast. No need for formatting at all.
+ Worked for my kids game cube. If you are considering getting this item it does work well for the Wii and game cube 
+ I got it 3 days after I ordered it, that's ridiculously fast and so far so good. I only had 1 memory card for my GC  all these years, this 2nd one with a lot of memory is totally worth it. 
+ Works Great! Very good quality for the price. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a gamecube memory card for sure. 
+ This is without a doubt one of the best games ever made - adventure or otherwise. It is fun, amusing, original, colorful, and challenging without being annoying. The only games that came close to it may be the Monkey Island series or The Last Express
+ I'm a lover of adventure/puzzle games, and this one is one of the best I have ever played.  If you like games like Curse of Monkey Island, Shivers, Myst...you will adore this.  It's got a VERY good story line, the puzzles  are hard but solveable, and you can't seem to stop playing it!  
+ Let me repeat it again: This game is excellent! Excellent I tell you, excellent!
+ Thankfully, \"Golden Eye\" is the diamond in the rough. It takes a remarkably simple control scheme and graphics that were good for its time and combines them in an unbeatable combination. Moving Bond, James Bond is as easy as breathing, and the shooting system is just as simple. 
+ Ok, this game was good when it was released. It is probabley still better than most shooters today. The game is not that violent, just a typical shooter. The graphics were good at the time. One of the best shooters ever made!
+ Goldeneye 007 is the best game for the Nintendo + Its an amazing game, and its still fun to play today. There was a game called Perfect Dark that was similar to this and came out later, but this is the far better game. Tons of great guns and gadgets are here, and the gameplay is awesome. 
+ This is a fantastic game that any wideo gamer should own.  
+ i never owned a NINTENDO 64and since all these years laterbuying a N64 with this as my first game is one of the best decisions i have ever madethis game is CLASSIC
+ This game offers it all.  Shooting action, adrenaline pumping duck and dodge fire fights, rescue missions, covert action, gadgets, evil villains, story and plot, and a lot of weapons.  I reccomend this to any gaming fan.  Buy this game right now!  
+ This game is excellent. It is almost perfect for a used game.  It came with the box and instruction booklet. The game worked flawlessly.  It was like stepping back in time, and so worth the money.
+ We were always starting from scratch with every game and now we don't have to worry about that. It was a great price too! 
+ Works perfectly for the game cube I purchased. Came very quickly and i would buy this again when i need to. 
+ Works great and has lots of memory! I love how much things it can store!! I used it for Gamecube and didn't try it for the Wii though. 
+ Works great.  Cheap price and way more memory than on the Nintendo make.  Really great for you retro fans out there. 
+ Where was this when I was young? I used to have to rotate my games, deleting data to make room to play my different games. 
+ This gamecard is exactly what I was looking for. It works in the gamecube as well as the Wii. I would recommend this to any gamer having trouble savng his progress 
+ I rate this product a five star. It can save many game files. It's also easy to delete. I recommend this product all with GameCube and Wii. 
+ This came very fast in the mail.  Does everything it was suppose to do and a very good price and product. 
+ Works as advertised. Not much else to say. Was cheap. Bought it for use with a Wii and gc games for on console multiplayer at my house. 
+ Came very quickly, In perfect condition, is a great product. I bought it as a gift and it was definitely a good idea, a great gift for any video-gamer.  I definitely recommend it. 
+ Memory card works exactly as needed, it was perfect! Saves quickly and holds data with no problem whatsoever. I am very pleased with this, and would buy again. 
+ Thank you and I like it very much and it work very good for me  and we what more of  them 
+ This product was exactly what I was looking for and worked perfectly to save games from my gamecube games played on my nintendo wii 
+ This is a great and cheap memory card. It is what it is.....it is compatible for Wii and gamecube its 64 MB 1019 block memory. If you need one , but it.Great product
+ I bought this for my game cube, it works perfectly so far ;) 
+ just right! works great , I' ll be ordering again laters! hope you will still be there then! see you! 
+ Works great with my game cube. I haven't tried it with a wii, but by the description, it should work there too. 
+ This product is so cheap and it works great! I bought two of this item! and now my son is loving saving his games! 
+ Bought this for an old  gamecube i recently won in an auction.  Seems to work just fine, purchased a few more since it works and the price is right. 
+ I have no complaints about this memory card. It works with all games, and is fast. It also gives me the space I need to never have to worry about running out. 
+ It stores game saves as well as any other OEM or aftermarket card I've used.  Can't ask any more than that.
+ Grandsons needed a memory card to save their Luigi Mansion games, so we ordered these.  Fit perfect, arrived quickly, being used daily. 
+ The memory card I received works perfectly, I've had it for a few months now with no issues. 
+ It works!!!  Quick delivery.  Good product. 
+ thank youthis is good man 
+ It works perfectly! Nothing is wrong with it. 
+ This product was received on time, packaged well and as described in the ad. I am happy with this purchase.great 
+ I have read for this product say that these are \"fragile\". I've had mine for about 5 months now, and so far nothing is broken. And since I only paid about $+00 for it, I definitely think that it is sturdy enough for the price that I paid. 
+ It is amazing for the price, just do not expect to have amazing sensitivity, you really do get what you paid for, and a little more with this controller. 
+ Had to go on Windows to get app so I could install older games but worth the trouble. Fun, Fun, Fun. As close as it gets to playing on a real table. 
+ I love this game and play it nearly every day.  I would recommend the game and Amazon.com.  The service from Amazon.com was excellent.  I will tell my family and friends about them.  Thanks.
+ Had this game as a kid and figured it would be good for the little cousins. Plus it means I get to play it some more too. 
+ Wonderful logic and reasoning skills for children with puzzles, sound effects, and characters to motivate children.  I have used it with students for 15 years and they still love it! 
+ I used to play this in Elementary School! It is a very fun game and even though I am 19 now, I still have fun playing the game! 
+ I had this game as a kid in the 90s and played it religiously with my sisters around our Windows 95 PC. I recently bought it for my cousin's 6th birthday because I want her to build better computer and problem solving skills. Computers and games have definitely evolved since then, but this is timeless game that helps kids develop those skills in a fun way without math equations and spelling. Watching her play brought back really fond memories and made me want to play again. &#34;Whoever you are.... MAKE ME A PIZZA!&#34; 
+ Good Mic at a reasonable price. So far, So Good! Will see how long it lasts in the hands of 3 and 8 year olds! 
+ I hadd been using my same memory card that i got with my original gamecube when it came out. Not much memory space this is way better. It is bult solid to. Not wried about crushing it
+ I love it! Use it all the time. Really works perfectly with all games that you need a mic for. 
+ I bought this for my 13 yr old son.He loves it. Item arrived promptlyand in perfect condition.Thanks! 
+ Great product. Brand new! Ships fast, and EXCELLENT customer service. They will sort out any issue that arises. They have been really helpful, and the product is flawless. Use it all the time. 
+ my granddaughter bought it & SHE USES IT EVERYDAY. She loves the item and it was as described. Really great. 
+ Grandson and his friends received two for the holidays and use them frequently.  Lots of fun.  Mics work just fine. 
+ Works great on  my WII system.  Have a lot of fun with friends doing Karoake!  Buy one and see for yourself 
+ Great game! I love the storyline and graphics, as well as the fighting style. Minus the super long time it takes traveling the ocean, this game is a blast, and a must-have for any fan of the Zelda franchise. 
+ sing out loud, sing along!This mic worked perfectly, and now my nieces and nephew are rocking out on Rock Band. 
+ Works great now me and my family cab have fun singing songs! We now have the whole set and my kids love it! 
+ Works great. Indistinguishable from the one in the original Wii Rock Band 2 bundle and helpful if you get the Beatles game. 
+ I bought this for my 13 yr old son.He loves it. Item arrived promptlyand in perfect condition.Thanks! 
+ now I can rock for real and as hard as I want, even though my voice is not like steven tyler, but I try and try!! hahahaha 
+ THANK YOU FOR A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE THANK YOU AND SEE YA AGAIN! YOU ROCK! A+ ALL THE WAY. A+ A 
+ We use this when we want to vocals on Beatles Rock Band and it's great!! 
+ Pretty cool works well but don't get to use it  that much but glad I got it really worth it 
+ I gotten this for my little girl who loves it. She sings all the time. I would recommend. Works great. 
+ I laughed pretty hard when I began reading all the obviously-made-in-China grammatical errors. But so far so good. I have nearly half filled the expanded 1019 block memory and no corruptions etc. to speak of at the moment. For the price there's no better option. I will update my review if anything changes. It worked like they said it would. I picked up some Game Cube games and needed a memory card, a real easy choice to buy from Amazon. 
+ My Son is very happy, not only with the game, but with the quickness of service and delivery.  Than You . 
+ We're happy with this game.  My son says that Gameboy games are harder than DS games, but he still likes to play it. 
+ My seven year old grandson loved this game as well as another.  What more can I possibly say?  Really  Really! 
+ So much fun helping sick animals! You get to work with a variety of animals, not just dogs and cats, which I really appreciate. You get to work with reptiles, amphibians, birds, at some points, even a pony, a fish, and a spider! This game has it all! It also very educational, as you can learn a whole ton about the many different things that can go wrong with pets. 
+ Great soundtrack, great graphics, amazing AI game commentators. As for playability I still prefer Pro-evolution Soccer for Nintendo Wii, because we can manage the whole team actions just by pointing at players and dragging their positions to where we want them to run to. 
+ I liked this game a lot. I ordered the Limited Edition which has some extra NFS Edition cars and Challenge Series.If you are looking for some real thrill and real life driving, go buy this game.Amazing graphics ( courtesy of Frostbite Engine)Amazing soundtracks and effects. 
+ Got here on time and got here a day early before they said it would and came in nice packaging. 
+ This is the best RTS game thats come out for a while. Solid game that keeps you interested and having fun that said its a Citysim type which won't appeal to everyone. 
+ 4 Stars because they like it and play it often enough so don't feel like money is wasted. I got them one each so they can multiplay with each other. 
+ I picked this rating because, although this game is redundant in build, the scenarios do change. It is challenging in both multiplayer and single player. You get a world even every so often and only a limited time to do the event. You get mad experience points for it as well.So if you like builder games that come with some serious challenges, unlike its predecessors, this game will keep you busy for hours and hours and hours. Once you start you keep pushing to get to that new level, that new tech, that new fleet of ships. Ubisoft did good by this one. Pick up a copy and if you want to play together? Just coment and we certainly can arrange that. 
+ Good game. Good graphics. A bit of a learning curve. It arrived way before estimated time. High speed connection and newer gpu for best outcome. 
+ I liked it and had fun with it, played for a while and got my money's worth.  You can certainly go further than I did but I got frustrated with the fact that here we are in this new start and still taking from the earth rather than living with it. Better than simcity in that respect and maybe the best we could hope for. 
+ This was actually for my boyfriend, but he loves it. He enjoyed Anno 1417, & this one did not disappoint either. You do get to go under water this time which was fun. And the graphics are very stunning. 
+ Awesome game, but all the DRM issues really have made some issues with the game. You have to have it attached to a uplay account in order to even play the game... so, similar to Diablo 3 you're forced to have internet access in order to launch the game, even if you want to play single player.At one point I've also had an issue come up that said the game was &#34;incompatible with my current OS&#34;... if you run into the same problem, launch the game as Administrator and it will work fine. Also... THE GAME CODE WILL NOT ACTIVATE ON STEAM. I got this on amazon to try it out and if I didn't like it I wanted to sell it, but having it required to attach to your uplay account basically didn't allow me to do that. So I'm stuck with a game with insane costs for any DLC...If you like sim city style games, I'd pick this one up... but wait for a steam sale and get it through there so that the dlc's are also at a reasonable cost as well. 
+ Great game. Very complex and can get hard to handle with larger cities but i like the challenge. Interesting missions 
+ Definitely one of the best products UbiSoft has released.  The game is very similar in its interface to its predecessor: Anno 1404 but its story line and the scope of the game is far more developed.  The player is able to vote in world council initiatives that directly affect in-game play as well as participate in random missions that earn the player career points enhancing the player's game play. 
+ Plenty of game modes.  Enough tracks to get going.  Fairly good variety of cars.  Scaled difficulty levels from casual to advanced.
+ I bought this game thinking it would be pretty cool and that i might play it for a  week or two and be done.  Boy was I wrong! From the moment I finally got the gamed Fired up (the other commentors on this are right, it takes forever and u are forced to create an account) I watched as it booted up I could tell right off the bat that ALOT of thought went into making this game. If you have ever played Sim city, then this game is a must try as you will easily navigate thru it and its multi layers. I have been playing htis now for a month straight, and I am STILL discovering layers of complexity in the game. There are a few things in the game that could used tweaked, but all in all this is a 5 star game. 
+ If you like rally cars get this game you will have fun.It is more oriented to &#34;European market&#34; since here in America there isn't a huge rally fan party. Music it is very European and even the voices from the game very &#34;English&#34; accent.The multiplayer isn't the best but it works just ok. 
+ I had Dirt 2 on Xbox 360 and it was an okay game. I started playing games on my laptop and bought a few new games to build my collection. This game is very fun to play. It is so much better than Dirt + If you like racing games you should check this out. The graphics are perfect on my computer. 
+  You will have hour's of fun and be looking for the next one to come out! 
+  The graphics are good, the car handling is good althought with a small delay from my steering wheel. 
+ dirt 2 amazed me how much fun it was and now dirt 3 with 3 time more race tracks than dirt +  MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!! 
+ This is a really useful tool to learn meditation and quieting the mind in the midst of an active stimulating environment. The whole point is that you're racing a car and trying to beat other computer controlled cars around the track. 
+  the faster you make your car go the louder the music becomes and the more exciting the games gets (i.e. the competition with other cars and drive to achieve the goal of finishing the race increases). And thus the better you do at racing the car the harder it gets to increase its speed due to the increasing difficulty of relaxing. It's fun. 
+ The book is great, the inclusion of the RIFTS Space helps a lot.  Specially the space section it is worth it.  I am having a great time.  Especially since I have been adding stuf from the Rifts section with My ROBOTECH Game. 
+ It's amazing! The dragon couldn't even touch me! And neither could my players when I toasted them with said dragon! And it is only made of cardboard! -- An excellent addition to your arsenal as a DM if you are running a &#34;Kingdoms of Kalamar&#34; campaign setting based adventure. 
+ This was written as well as I expected it to be, the art was as great as I expected it to be, and over all its a worthy successor to the originals. 
+ It was a pretty good read, but i was expecting much more from a 192 pages adventure.  There is a lot of background, which i feel is more than half the material and could have been reduced to make the adventure as epic as the original one.  I am still pleased though. 
+ If you want to improve your chess playing, buy this program.  In short, it will make you a better player.Under a master standard level (2000 ELO) tactics is the name of the game, and this teaches them.  There are over 1200 examples which are beautifully laid out, and there are friendly hints to guide you in the right direction should you not initially find the right solution.In my opinion, this is one of the best purchases you can make if you want to improve your chess.  Although after reading  Michael De La Mazza's Rapid Chess Improvement I was already a convert. 
+ + Perfect for me. I used to do a lot of sim racing but it has been a while. This thing lets me gradually shed assisted driving. Easy to tune for good challenges, new skills and constant fun. I might even put another DVD drive into my computer so DiRt3 is always ready to go. 
+ I particularly like the stadium trucks.  Fun game.  My wife likes it too.  I use a 28 dollar steering wheel and pedal set. 
+ Great graphics, great career mode.  Multiplayers ok.  Overall great game.  Make sure you have Microsoft Live installed before installing game. 
+ This game is a good time.  Especially if you have friends playing along.  Answer all kinds of movie trivial.
+ I've been using this memory card for over 7 months now and haven't had a single issue with it.  It saves my lengthy Animal Crossing saves flawlessly and often, and those are over 50 blocks.  The only other example I can think of is Mario Party 5, as that saves after every single mini game.  So yeah, my memory card has had a workout and it still works great.", 
+ Havent used it but it was in a new case just as it is in the picture above, Im happy to have it and I willl use it once I get a gamecube.", 
+ + i loved this game and played it everyday until Microsoft live f'ed up and my account was deleted. sad to say i cant play this game anymore, due to the fact that Microsoft's support may as well only apply to people living on the moon because it is that bad. codemaster should have choose somebody else to host their servers, that is why my overall rating is at 3 stars. The game is great, support is non existent. so now i will have to buy a completely new game thanks to Microsoft. 
+ Overall this is a well done racing game, with very good graphics for its time period. My family has has enjoyed playing it a great deal. I personally think a steering wheel controller is almost a necessity for this game, but an x box type controller would probably work. The keyboard would be almost impossible, and not very fun. The \"windows live\" system detracts greatly, since you must log in and be online to play or save game progress. There was a mees up with my \"Live\" log in and the game would no longer accept my activation code and I had to rebuy the game if I wanted to play. There is no customer support at all. Dirt 2 suffers from this serious flaw as well. 4 1/2 star game 1 star Windows Live feature. 
+ I have been a fan of Dirt 3 ever since Dirt 2; (my fav). In Dirt 2 I have 100% of the game completed & on level + I plan to do the same with the 3rd game. Racing in snow is interesting.
+ My family used to have this game but we lost it. It is incredible as always. Excellent condition. Recommend if for anyone. 
+ The game came a little more worn than expected. Other than that it still works perfect, so no real complaints! 
+ I was worried that it would not work. Took it out the package , the game works wonder ful. would use this buyer again 
+ it looks like i got it brand new from a store this is awesome to see that is this well taken care of 
+ Got this game for my brother for his birthday.  He is very much enjoying it. 
+ My oldest grandson loves this game. I can remember playing it when I was young and it was good back then but even better now. 
+ One of the best zelda titles ever! I recommend anyone who hasn't played this game get it as soon as you can. 
+ Zelda never disappoints, this game is a perfect. The graphics are unique, and the game play is addictive in a good way. 
+ I......loved it. It was like jumping back to the nes version but portable. I also love the way the made it where you can choose what game. 
+ The game is challenging.  I had a lot of fun with it. Had no problems with the actual product itself.  Arrived on time and in good condition.  Enjoyed playing it. 
+ He likes the game a lot, it just took a while to get there because hes in South Korea, so it was understandable that it took so long. 
+ My son plays it all the time.  It must be a good game.  I don't play the games, so it is just my observation. 
+ My nephew asked this for Christmas and I know he will be excited!  Very good price - very good service! 
+ My grandsons love the game they can't stop playing it.  They start early in the morning and go all day.  They love the action and the game components. 
+ If you're a Sonic fan, this is a game you'll enjoy.Beware though, it's very challenging at the same time. 
+ This game is by far the best driving game I've playing great graphics, incredible handling and relistic damage. The online play was also pretty good for me. 
+ This was a great game then, and it is still.  ...pretty fun multiplayer mode too! 
+ This was cheaper than I found in my local stores and works wonderfully.  Delivers nice sharp picture on my TV. 
+ love the price and i saw a big change on my wii. everything is more clear on the games and on netflix movies. 
+ This is a good component cable for Wii. The picture is much improved. Connected to Sony 46inch 1080p LCD. I would recommend this product. 
+ The Wii wasn't meant for Hi-def, but the 480p with the component cables makes the picture much crisper. It definitely worth the value. 
+ This cable is well made and designed to last. The cable is better then the product it is used to attach as WII does not support 1080p. 
+ Worked perfectly. This is exactly what I needed to get my Wii to connect to my high definition television. Thanks! 
+ Tricky was great, and this release is (amazingly) even better.Prior reviewer is spot on. 
+ This game was more than I expected it to be. The landings in game have added a lot to the challenge of the game. 
+ I am +..therefore I really like having all the maps.  I really do not know what else I can say about it. 
+ awesome PS2 game.It is fun. If you dont know what this is, there are plenty of videos on youtube that will give you gameplay. 
+ The best Hulk game ever made... a sandbox type of feel that has plenty of things to destroy, or play the story mode and smash other well know Marvel characters... either way, it's more like a Hulk simulator if such a thing could exist, and what it lacks in graphics (It is a PS2 game after all) it makes up for in game play. 
+ He order this product. So I guess he is happy with product for his game. Never complained about it at all. 
+ Loved playing Dirt 2 and I thought the graphics were good.  Purchased Dirt 3 as an addition to the other...and the graphics are absolutely \"Gorgeous\"  If you liked Dirt or Dirt +..you are going to love Dirt +  The game was easier to configure with my Logitech wireless rumblepad...and with my EVGA GTX 580, and all detail set to full on graphics at 1920 x 1080 I get over 100 fps.  The game looks good, plays well and is a blast! 
+ I bought this game for my husband about 2 years ago. He likes it because the graphics and the control is very realistic. 
+ I play this game with friends via LAN. It works well, and is a lot of fun to race. I like the fact it's not super serious, and the tracks are varied. It is fun to race in the snow, or on gravel, during rain, sunshine, snow, or night.
+ Very good quality, excellent graphics, very complete game, the car can personalis And you can play online, I recommend it.
+ Seriously, the game is amazing fun. It has a learning curve, and I recommend you have a really good system to make the framerate playable (I have a Pentium D +0, +5GB RAM, Radeon 4650 and I have to have it almost set to \"Ultra Low\"), but I have already convinced others to buy this.Favorite feature: YouTube publishing right from the game. Awesome. 
+ It works as advertised.No issues or problems.The product was received as expected.The product worked as expected.Excellent product.Well done. 
+ First of all, I bought this game for 49$ and would do so again in a second. It has amazing graphics, awesome looking tracks, and the cars handle extremely well. 
+ I love the Anno Series from the first one to this one, but holy crap that whole Uplay login process is ridicules.I mean what happened to just playing a game on you computer separate from the internet.other than that this is a great time waster, the hours fly bysome of the newer ways of this game are confusing for even long time anno players.Anyway I do kind of miss the old school 15th century styleAnyway I would really only recommend this for Anno allums that have to have an Anno fix. 
+ This is a great real-time supply chain management game.  However, the play is novel and there is a steep learning curve.  Some reviewers have criticized the campaign for being too restrictive.  That is not a fair criticism.  The first 3/4 of the campaign is basically a tutorial.  The campaign holds your hand from objective to objective so that you can get a feel for how to succeed.This game really eats up time.  1 hour is about the minimum amount you would want to spend per session.If you like tinkering and optimizing and losing yourself in a complicated game, then you might really enjoy Anno 2+I think this game should really appeal to people with an inclination to programming who like developing and optimizing algorithms. 
+ I can&#8217;t stop playing my wife is going to through it out soon. It was worth the money to buy it. 
+ IT WORKED and made it to where I could play DK and who could ask for more out of life
+ i bought this product so i could play my games like Majoras mask perfect dark, turok2 ect. and it worked great no problems easy to install i would highly recommend this product for any n64 owner
+ This expansion pack allows you to play better games and increases the graphics.
+ This makes the games a ton more in depth because it can have allow it to have a lot higher graphics.
+ The product works great and had no issues setting it up! 
+ It works great
+ This cable is something Nintendo should include when buying brand new Wii. Product is made well, easy to connect and works great! 
+ Very happy with this AV Cable -- it works very well & I'm so happy to play my old Sports Wii again on our HDTV -- I did have to move a few cables around - till I had the best picture with sound etc; -- all is well & we are thankful that we don't have to buy a whole new Wii Package. I would highly recommend this cable!!!! :) 
+ I needed this to connect to my LCD LED VIZIO. It works.  Not much more to say than that. I found no fault with it. 
+ I rated this product as I have because it exceeded my expectations. Also, I would recommend this product to others. 
+ This was exactly what was needed and has worked flawlessly since being received. I recommend it, if you need one.
+ Great Product.  Works well.  Great Price.  Will order from this vendor again.", 
+ I viewed these and others on Amazon and found several with a wide price range. I took these because they were cheap and thought I would give them a try and  if they weren't any good I hadn't lost much. They work great and the quality are as good as those of others I have seen.", 
+ i think it was well worth the price and its wonderfull
+ I rate this item a 5 because it works. I saved couple bucks compared to the other items that sell for a lot more.", 
+ This Is Eaiser Than the first one, but it's pretty fun i liked it. You get to play some original characters.
+  it has a great selection and some of the characters are extremely funny.
+ I got this game when it first came out. The gameplay and graphics were great at the time. Random taunts and insults were funny and still are. 
+ I used to play this game as a kid and was overjoyed when I pub it on amazon! It's so fun and the characters are hilarious!
+ If you're looking for a good action game then you need to consider this one
+ Tricky was great, and this release is (amazingly) even better.Prior reviewer is spot on. 
+ This game was more than I expected it to be. The landings in game have added a lot to the challenge of the game. 
+  liked this product because it was exactly what I was looking for.It is similar to other memory cards, but this one is completely different.Attributes about this product that I liked where that it can work on more then one system.This product did meet my expectations. 
+ Works well, more than enough blocks for the children to play and save. Cheap feel though holds up well. Good
+ Works well, more than enough blocks for the children to play and save. Cheap feel though holds up well. Good
+ What's so good about this game? It's a fun, classic, game of pool. Anybody can play, right now, very little instruction needed. You can play against somebody else or the computer. It supports multiple player profiles, letting each user set their own preferences as to custom table, computer skill level and rules. 
+ I wanted to extend our gamecube's life a little... and this game is just doing it honorably.  My daughters love it and have great fun with it... parents too... and we haven't touch the hard and very hard level yet.  I strongly recommend... good exercise too and excellent for coordination, which I lack as I found out trying it.
+ The product was just as the picture and works fine.  It is long enough to play comfortably at a distance.  There is no delay in control using this product.", 
+ I was very pleased with this product! It was exactly as described! The price is also very reasonable for this product!", 
+ + When it comes to gamers everywhere, they are into exciting games like Dance Dance Revolution. It is one of the most exciting and enduring games of all time.  
+ i was hesitant about buying one of these only because....i heard that different covers tore easily. but i cant say that i was gentle putting it on but it held up great now my controller feels better in my hands and about 70% is protected from dirt and food and whatever else my be on my hands
+ This is a very nice case. It makes the controller feel less greasy and slippery, and it's also a good protector if it gets dropped. It's easy to put on and take off. 
+ these are very good controller skins they go on very easy. They had a little untrimed line but I used a emery board to file off the edge and they don't bother my hands at all now.
+ The other review really dogged this memory card.It So far has worked just as good as my OEM memory card.Other reviewer may have got a bum card.Mine works fine and I would recommend to family or friends.So take it for what its worth. 
+ These guys are top notch, a company with integrity and class that really stand behind what they sell
+ Is a great stylus. I actually use it for our Xerox printer/scanner at work to make it easier to type on the glass.
+ My daughter lost both of her stylus' and these were the perfect replacements. I also liked that it came with the extra small stylus to keep in her case.
+ Just received this today and have to say that I'm much, MUCH happier with this case than I was with the flimsy cheap silicon one I purchased before getting one of these. The case snaps right on very easily and fits snugly so your LL/XL wont be sliding around causing any scratching on the glossy surface. 
+ great case for the dsi xl, liked how well it fits the device great color for those who like HOT pink, my daughter loves it... especially since the dsi xl doesn't come in pink (yet) it was a great solution to our color problem.
+ The other reviewers are right.  The case is plastic and can be taken on and off.  But it does not fall off.  The colors are nice.  I would recommend based on price. 
+ Grim Fandango will definitally be enjoyed by fans of film noir and mexican mythology. I'd give it a 4 and a half if i could. 
+ Clever interface and variable controls are great. A very involving game. Not too long not too short. Humor and wit are weaved through every scene. In conclusion, film noir style, surreal visuals, toe tapping and ensuing music, gripping story, charming characters, and challenging puzzles will intrigue all game fans.
+ I followed on lucas arts right after i played monkey island &quot;the curse of monkey island&quot;! And i have to admit that i am a true fan of that company!  Great stuff! the dialogs are so clever and funny! the story  is great and challanging. 
+ My friend is a big fan of playing video games that are hard to find on market, so I bought this for my friend's birthday.  My friend said he had absolutely no problem playing it on his PC.  Thanks for selling!!
+ This is not just another game ! it is much more than that: the story, the music, the characters and the design are just PERFECT. 
+ Wow. This has to be the most amazing adventure game ever created, even better than **shock** Monkey Island?  Once you get involved in the game, you can't escape it's grasp. 
+ Grim Fandango is proof that video game design can be an art, and as video game art, this is a masterpiece.Of course, Grim Fandango is really only 1 part game, and 5 parts story.
+ With the fantastic music, graphics (for it's time), voice acting and dialogue (by far the best dialogue in any game before or since), you could be more than entertained watching this as a movie. 
+ I just finished this game, and I really enjoyed it. If you like adventure games, you'll love this. The graphics are spectacular, and there are many new areas for you to explore as you journey though the game.
+ I've been looking for one of these for a very long time and this was the perfect price as well as optimal functioning. Dream come true.
+ It was exactly what I was looking for and if your looking for one there the real deal.
+ We are extremely happy with this purchase.
+  It works fine. I like it. Thankyou for selling it at a reasonable price.
+ it's excellent! Memory always does a good job to any game
+ I love this because it lets me play some of my favorite
+ This is  Really good its never let me down
+ An angel sent down from heaven gave me the right price. Thank you for for your kindness. I love the product. My advice would be to keep the price around the $100 to $200 dollar ranges and I will promise you your items will sell faster. Keep doing the good work. I will buy from you again.
+ I played this when I was a kid and loved it, so I had to buy it again and it's still awesome to this day.  Great for kids!
+ Great game. Great nostalgia. Just all around fun. I've been looking to buy this just to feel young again and it was fantastic. One of my favorite games ever.
+ This is arguably the best game ever. Of course with the (obvious) exception of Zelda: Link to the Past & all of Megaman.
+ I bought this item as a gift for someone and they loved it! Additionally, I received my item in plenty of time to give it as a gift!
+ This was everything I expected and more. It brought me back to when I was a kid. Not to mention a fantastic price.
+ thanks you i love Pokemon games and fun games so big fans Pokemon that why i buy them you know thanks you :)
+ Came on time and was exactly what I expected. The game runs properly and I have encountered zero problems!
+ this game is a great pass time and really is enjoyable for people of all ages. I have been playing since I was a little kid.
+ my 15 year old is very happy with this item and playes it all the time.  couldnt go wrong with it
+ The game works great and is fun to play. It saves properly, so I know it has a good save battery in it.
+ I got this as a gift for my boyfriend for Valentine's Day and he absolutely loved it. It arrived in ample amount of time and in almost new condition.
+ Bought this product. Exactly as expected. Got charmander. All is working in the game so I am very satisfied with this product.
+ This game is a very good addition to Lucas Arts.  It has exceptional Special effects and sets a very interesting environemnt of a world of the dead.
+ I was iffy on buying this from the negative reviews but took the chance anyway. My PS2 recognizes it and the games I have played so far save just fine to it. I haven't tried Guitar Hero like another reviewer said but so far this memory card has met my expectations and I'm happy with it. 
+ I love it. Its cool like Blue and Yellow.
+ This memory card works great for me. While purchasing this I was not sure by reading the other reviews, but still I bought it. No regrets...! It is working absolutely great. 
+ This is a very Good game. It is so good. You get to play a lot of diffrent characters, like, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Qui-Gon Jinn, Queen Amidala & Captian Panaka. It woyuld be cool if they let you play Jar Jar Binks, but they don't. Oh, weel. Jar jar is one of my Favorite Characters in the film. the best part is you get to battle darth Maul. and it goes along with the movie too. This game rocks. This is a must have game for all star wars fans.If you liked this game then check out all of the other Star wars game.
+ This game is great! ... I love Sonic! I reccomend people to buy this game.It will be worth it.
+ My boys love this game and play it often. They are 6 and 9 years old and think it is one of the best games that they have. The game has good graphics, and has two player capability, challenges and races. Each player has three characters on his team that he can use for their abilities. They have very little difficulty playing it. I would say it is suitable for five years and up.
+ This is a great game.  It was recommended to me by friends and I am so glad I got it.  It was in really good condition and it came in a reasonable time.  I love playing it with my friends.
+ I love everything about this game.
+ Playing this game brought back major memories for my husband, and he was extremely happy to have it.  This was a great anniversary present for him!The game is also interesting because anyone who plays Brawl knows how far they've come in designing this game.  If you want to stroll down Super Smash Brothers memory lane, this and MELEE are must haves!